3-minute warn now they're going to see
this very bad mood by zero fear
especially sitting on top like yo Shaka
what the fuck that I just want I'm sorry
Antonio gol de l'eau guys gol de lo you
guys need motivation exactly what did we
just witness guys what did we just
witness now doesn't this make you want
to just open your eyes up when you play
League of Legends when you play League
of Legends doesn't it make you realize
like oh my god if I open my fucking
eyeballs and I just look around that's
the type of shit that happens that I
don't fucking see and League of Legends
indeed it is that is what you see now
you're probably like this is maja that
does the wrong manner trying you should
be putting in fucking paper bag fucking
borders layouts but amen this is it guys
this is it I mean it's hard for me to
commentate that you know that speechless
I'm saying we're all speechless because
you're watching this from you know my
stream and we just realized that map
awareness could be improved 10 fucking
thousandfold by taking it off lock
screen and opening your mini-map and
like I said man I wish I could just
fucking here's the thing I want you to
do here's the thing I want you to do I
told this before I want you to buy two
monitors take two monitors get xsplit
now you can't see my xsplit all my thing
but xsplit is just like a box you can
maximize it and make it the same size as
your max resolution and all you do is
add screen region you take this you have
your explore second monitor well hold on
this thing's blocking my shit
so let me move this out of the way now
there you go you got this mini-map
someone tweeted this shit out you put it
like this you maximize it so on your
second monitor this how big your fucking
thing is it be if you're 1920 by 1080
this is how big your fucking mini-map is
going to be now if you haven't fucking
struggling just do this take one right
there at screen region take this and
boom guess what double the fucking
mini-map now that you won't miss one
fucking thing boom like that double the
map power so map awareness will be
fucking improved ten fucking fold maybe
even more than that 100 fucking fault
boom and voila
that's what it's all about when you're
in this e low bullshit to monitors all
right let's get